{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 @Yu Gothic UI Semibold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red32\green33\blue36;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red220\green20\blue60;\red39\green50\blue57;\red235\green235\blue235;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\fi1170\ri-1800\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs52\lang9             WEB DESIGN\ul\par
\ulnone\fs36 MODULE : 1 (HTML)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 1 Are the html tags and elements the same thing   ?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 HTML tags are used to hold the HTML element. HTML element holds the content HTML attributes are used to describe the characteristic of an HTML element in detail. Whatever written within a HTML tag are HTML elements\fs24 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36 2 What are tags and attributes in HTML?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs32 HTML tags are used to hold the HTML element.\~HTML element holds the content.\~HTML attributes are used to describe the characteristic of an HTML element in detail  \cf3\highlight0\fs36\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2\fs32   \cf3\highlight0 HTML tags contain three parts - Opening tag, content and Closing tag.Attributes provide additional information about elements. Attributes are always specified in the start tag.\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs36 3   What are void elements in HTML?\fs20\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 Void elements do not have end tags. Void elements can\rquote t have content inside it. Void elements have attributes\fs24 .\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs44 4   \fs36 What are html entities?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 An HTML entity is a piece of text that begins with an ampersand (&) and ends with a semicolon ( ; ). Entities are frequently used to display reserved characters and invisible characters\fs28 .\fs40\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs44 5 What are different types of lists in HTML?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\cf3\fs32 There are three different type of Lists in HTML.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Un Order List  (ul)\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Order \fs36 List         (\fs32 ol\fs36 )\fs32\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Description List (dl).\par

\pard\li360\sl240\slmult1\fs28\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs40 6 what is the class attribute in html?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32  The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet. However, it can also be used by a JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to make changes to HTML elements with a specified class\fs44\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36 7  What is the difference between the \lquote id\rquote  attribute and the \lquote class\rquote  attribute of HTML  elements\fs32 ?\par

\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs16\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36 id\rdblquote  is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while \ldblquote class\rdblquote  selector can apply to multiple elements\ul\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\fs40 8 What are the various  formatting tags in HTML?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36  The Formatting tags html\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf4\highlight2\fs32 <b>\cf3\~- Bold text\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf4 <strong>\cf3\~- Important text\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf4 <i>\cf3\~- Italic text\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf4 <em>\cf3\~- Emphasized text\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf4 <mark>\cf3\~- Marked text\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf4 <small>\cf3\~- Smaller text\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf4 <del>\cf3\~- Deleted text\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf4 <ins>\cf3\~- Inserted text\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf4 <sub>\cf3\~- Subscript text\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf4 <sup>\cf3\~- Superscript text\fs36\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\highlight0 9. How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight2\fs32 Cellpadding \cf1 basically defines the space present between a table cell's border \cf0\highlight0\fs40\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2\fs32  the content present in it. Cellspacing basically defines the space present between individual adjacent cells.\cf0\highlight0\fs44\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}10.  How can we club two or more rows or                                   columns into a single row or column in an  HTML table ?                  \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2\fs32 To merge cells in HTML,\~use the colspan and rowspan attribute. The rowspan attribute is for the number of rows a cell should span,\cf0\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2  whereas the colspan attribute is for a number of columns a cell should span. Both the attribute will be inside the <td> tag\cf0\highlight0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\highlight0\fs40 11. What is the difference between a block-level element and an inline element?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs30 By default,\~inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow.\cf0\highlight0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2\fs30\~Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur\~(although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS\cf0\highlight0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs40 12. How to create a Hyperlink in HTML? \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs32 To make a hyperlink in an HTML page,\~use the <a> and </a>               tags, which are the tags used to define the links. \cf0\highlight0\fs44\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2\fs32 The <a> tag indicates where the hyperlink starts and the </a> tag indicates where it ends.\cf0\highlight0\fs44\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2\fs32  Whatever text gets added inside these tags, will work as a hyperlink. Add the URL for the link in the <a href=\rdblquote  \rdblquote >\cf0\highlight0\fs44\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36\par

\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs48 13. What is the use of an iframe tag?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1150\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs32 The <iframe> tag\~specifies an inline frame. An inline frame is used to embed another document within the current HTML document.\cf0\highlight0\fs44\par

\pard\li1150\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs28\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\highlight0\fs40 14. What is the use of a span tag? Explain with example? \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1150\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 The <span> tag is an inline container used to mark up a part of a text, or a part of a document.\fs44\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\fs32  The <span> tag is easily styled by CSS or manipulated with JavaScript using the class or id attribute\fs44 .  \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 EXAMPLE :-\par

\pard\li790\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab\tab <p>\tab\par
                 hello <span style ="color: red;">world</span>\par
\tab\tab </p>\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36 15.  How to insert a picture into a background image of a web page?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32   To set the background image of a webpage, use the CSS        style. Under the CSS <style> tag, add the property background-image.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab} Using CSS properties, we can also add background image in a webpage.\par

\pard\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs36 16.  How are active links different from normal links?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1260\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs32 Some browsers recognize an active link when the mouse cursor is placed over that link; others recognize active links when the link has the focus.\~\cf0\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2 Those that don't have a mouse cursor over that link is considered a normal link.\cf0\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2  Some browser recognize active links when the mouse cursor is placed over that link\cf0\highlight0\par

\pard\li1260\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs30\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\highlight0\fs36 17.  What are the different tags to separate sections of text?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li888\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs30 There are three tags that can be used to separate the texts:\cf0\highlight0\fs36\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li528\sa75\sl240\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs30 <br> tag \f1\endash\f0   Usually <br> tag is used to separate the line of text. It breaks the current line and conveys the flow to the next line\par

\pard\li528\sa75\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li528\sa75\sl240\slmult1 <p> tag \f1\endash\f0   This contains the text in the form of a new paragraph..\par

\pard\sa75\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li630\sa75\sl240\slmult1  <blockquote> tag \f1\endash\f0   It is used to define a large quoted section.\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight0\par

\pard\li630\sa75\sl240\slmult1\highlight2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\highlight0\fs44 18. What is SVG?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li630\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36        SVG stands for Scalable Vector Graphics.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}      SVG defines vector-based graphics in XML format.\par

\pard\li270\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs40 19.What is difference between HTML and XHTML?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\fs30 HTML is the standard markup language for creating web pages, while XHTML is a stricter and more standardized version of HTML. \cf0\highlight0\fs40\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf1\highlight2\fs30 Both HTML and XHTML include a wide range of features, such as support for multimedia, styling, and scripting.\cf0\highlight0\fs40\par

\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 20.  What are logical and physical tags in HTML?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 the behaviour, nature of content for the text enclosed inside the tag. They represent the function of text on the page. Physical tags are used to decide the appearance of the text and do not provide any information about the text.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b\f2\fs44  MODULE 3(HTML5)\ulnone\b0\f0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 1. What are the new tags added in HTML5? \fs40\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li2430\sl276\slmult1\fs32 Header  \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}SVG\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Canvas\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Mark\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Audio\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Video\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Datalist\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}nav\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}main\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}footer\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs44 2  How to embed audio and video in a webpage?\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\fs36 To embed video and audio in HTML, we use the <video>  <audio> tag.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1350\sl276\slmult1          It contains one or more video  audio sources at a time using <source> tag\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}         It supports mp3,MP4, WebM, and Ogg in all modern browsers.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs32\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs44 3. Semantic element in  HTML 5?\fs48\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1350\sb288\sa288\sl240\slmult1\cf3\highlight2\fs25 A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Examples of\~non-semantic\~elements:\~\cf4\fs27 <div>\cf3\fs25\~and\~\cf4\fs27 <span>\cf3\fs25\~- Tells nothing about its content.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Examples of\~semantic\~elements:\~\cf4\fs27 <form>\cf3\fs25 ,\~\cf4\fs27 <table>\cf3\fs25 , and\~\cf4\fs27 <article>\cf3\fs25\~- Clearly defines its content.\par

\pard\li990\sl240\slmult1\highlight0\fs44 4. Canvas and SVG tags \highlight2  \tab\tab\cf0      \fs56\tab      \uldb\fs48 Canvas\fs56\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li2160\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf5\expndtw3\ulnone\fs36 Canvas gives better performance with smaller surface or larger number of objects.\cf0\highlight0\expndtw0\uldb\fs56\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf5\highlight6\expndtw3\ulnone\fs36 Canvas can be modified through script only\cf0\highlight0\expndtw0\fs40\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1              \cf3\uldb\fs44 SVG\cf0\ulnone\fs40\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li2070\sb288\sa288\sl240\slmult1\cf5\highlight2\expndtw3\fs36 SVG gives better performance with smaller number of objects or larger surface.\cf3\expndtw0\uldb\fs32\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li2160\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf5\highlight6\expndtw3\ulnone\fs36      SVG can be modified through script and CSS\cf0\highlight0\expndtw0\fs44\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs32\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \par
\fs22   \ul\fs36\par
\ulnone\fs22\par
\ul\fs36\par
}
 